content/class/21-class.markdown, before:

---
title: "Diversity in the public sector"
linktitle: "21: Diversity in the public sector"
date: "2022-03-29"
class_date: "2022-03-29"
menu:
  class:
    parent: Classes
    weight: 21
type: docs
toc: true
bibliography: "../../static/bib/references.bib"
csl: "../../static/bib/chicago-fullnote-bibliography-no-bib.csl"
slides: "21-slides"
---

## Readings

-   <i class="fas fa-book"></i> Chapter 13 in Grobman, *An Introduction to the Nonprofit Sector*[^1]
-   Other readings TBA

## Slides

The slides for today’s class are available online as an HTML file. Use the buttons below to open the slides either as an interactive website or as a static PDF (for printing or storing for later). You can also click in the slides below and navigate through them with your left and right arrow keys.

{{% slide-buttons %}}

{{% div fyi %}}
**Fun fact**: If you type <kbd>?</kbd> (or <kbd>shift</kbd> + <kbd>/</kbd>) while going through the slides, you can see a list of special slide-specific commands.
{{% /div %}}

[^1]: Gary M. Grobman, *An Introduction to the Nonprofit Sector: A Practical Approach for the Twenty-First Century*, 6th ed. (Harrisburg, Pennsylvania: White Hat Communications, 2021).

Commit message:

Add most of final readings and questions

content/class/21-class.markdown, after:

---
title: "Diversity in the public sector"
linktitle: "21: Diversity in the public sector"
date: "2022-03-29"
class_date: "2022-03-29"
menu:
  class:
    parent: Classes
    weight: 21
type: docs
toc: true
bibliography: "../../static/bib/references.bib"
csl: "../../static/bib/chicago-fullnote-bibliography-no-bib.csl"
slides: "21-slides"
---

## Readings

-   <i class="fas fa-book"></i> Chapter 13 in Grobman, *An Introduction to the Nonprofit Sector*[^1]
-   <i class="fas fa-file-pdf"></i> Building Movement Project, [“On the Frontlines: Nonprofits Led by People of Color Confront COVID-19 and Structural Racism”](https://buildingmovement.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/On-the-Frontlines-COVID-Leaders-of-Color-Final-10.2.20.pdf)
-   <i class="fas fa-file-pdf"></i> Seth J. Meyer, Elizabeth J. Dale, and Kareem K. M. Willis, “‘Where My Gays at?’ The Status of LGBTQ People and Queer Theory in Nonprofit Research”[^2] (the PDF for this is on iCollege under “Content”.)

## Slides

The slides for today’s class are available online as an HTML file. Use the buttons below to open the slides either as an interactive website or as a static PDF (for printing or storing for later). You can also click in the slides below and navigate through them with your left and right arrow keys.

{{% slide-buttons %}}

{{% div fyi %}}
**Fun fact**: If you type <kbd>?</kbd> (or <kbd>shift</kbd> + <kbd>/</kbd>) while going through the slides, you can see a list of special slide-specific commands.
{{% /div %}}

[^1]: Gary M. Grobman, *An Introduction to the Nonprofit Sector: A Practical Approach for the Twenty-First Century*, 6th ed. (Harrisburg, Pennsylvania: White Hat Communications, 2021).

[^2]: Seth J. Meyer, Elizabeth J. Dale, and Kareem K. M. Willis, “"Where My Gays at?" The Status of LGBTQ People and Queer Theory in Nonprofit Research,” *Nonprofit and Voluntary Sector Quarterly*, 2021, 1–21, doi:[10.1177/08997640211021497](https://doi.org/10.1177/08997640211021497).
