content/class/23-class.markdown, before:

---
title: "Ethics"
linktitle: "23: Ethics"
date: "2022-04-05"
class_date: "2022-04-05"
menu:
  class:
    parent: Classes
    weight: 23
type: docs
toc: true
bibliography: "../../static/bib/references.bib"
csl: "../../static/bib/chicago-fullnote-bibliography-no-bib.csl"
slides: "23-slides"
---

## Readings

-   <i class="fas fa-book"></i> Chapter 7 in Grobman, *An Introduction to the Nonprofit Sector*[^1]
-   Other readings TBA

## Slides

The slides for today’s class are available online as an HTML file. Use the buttons below to open the slides either as an interactive website or as a static PDF (for printing or storing for later). You can also click in the slides below and navigate through them with your left and right arrow keys.

{{% slide-buttons %}}

{{% div fyi %}}
**Fun fact**: If you type <kbd>?</kbd> (or <kbd>shift</kbd> + <kbd>/</kbd>) while going through the slides, you can see a list of special slide-specific commands.
{{% /div %}}

[^1]: Gary M. Grobman, *An Introduction to the Nonprofit Sector: A Practical Approach for the Twenty-First Century*, 6th ed. (Harrisburg, Pennsylvania: White Hat Communications, 2021).

Commit message:

Add most of final readings and questions

content/class/23-class.markdown, after:

---
title: "Ethics"
linktitle: "23: Ethics"
date: "2022-04-05"
class_date: "2022-04-05"
menu:
  class:
    parent: Classes
    weight: 23
type: docs
toc: true
bibliography: "../../static/bib/references.bib"
csl: "../../static/bib/chicago-fullnote-bibliography-no-bib.csl"
slides: "23-slides"
---

## Readings

-   <i class="fas fa-book"></i> Chapter 7 in Grobman, *An Introduction to the Nonprofit Sector*[^1]
-   <i class="fas fa-tv"></i> “The Trolley Problem”, *The Good Place* Season 2, Episode 5 (available on Netflix)

## Written response question

Should the nonprofit sector be held to a higher ethical standard than its for-profit counterpart? Why or why not? What about compared with the government sector? (Answer in ≈150 words.)

## Slides

The slides for today’s class are available online as an HTML file. Use the buttons below to open the slides either as an interactive website or as a static PDF (for printing or storing for later). You can also click in the slides below and navigate through them with your left and right arrow keys.

{{% slide-buttons %}}

{{% div fyi %}}
**Fun fact**: If you type <kbd>?</kbd> (or <kbd>shift</kbd> + <kbd>/</kbd>) while going through the slides, you can see a list of special slide-specific commands.
{{% /div %}}

[^1]: Gary M. Grobman, *An Introduction to the Nonprofit Sector: A Practical Approach for the Twenty-First Century*, 6th ed. (Harrisburg, Pennsylvania: White Hat Communications, 2021).
